Restructure documentation around guides (#107)
Qiskit/qiskit-fermions: docs/guides/grouping.rst

.. _grouping_explanation:

> Grouping operator terms: exploiting operator structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group operator terms: exploit the operator structure
```

======================================================

As described in the :ref:`operators guide <term_grouping>`, operators can store a

> **groups array**—an optional part of the sparse data structure that associates each

Author: ```suggestion
**groups array** - an optional part of the sparse data structure that associates each
```

> **groups array**—an optional part of the sparse data structure that associates each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**groups array** — an optional part of the sparse data structure that associates each
```

term with a group index. Terms sharing the same group index form a group, enabling
systematic exploitation of structure in downstream processing.

By grouping related terms (whether by physical properties, algebraic relationships,
or problem-specific symmetries), you can unlock several benefits:

- **Optimized circuit synthesis**: Grouped terms can be more efficiently converted to

>   quantum circuits, reducing circuit depth and gate count.

Author: Actually, what we should say is that the Evolution of the total operator can be implemented more efficiently when term grouping information is given. This does not directly impact the translation of the grouped terms, per se. (unless one considers not performing cancellation of terms..)

- **Physical structure preservation**: Groups encode meaningful structure from the

>   original problem (e.g., interaction patterns, symmetries), that can be exploited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  original problem (for example, interaction patterns or symmetries), that can be exploited
```

Reviewer: We're not allowed to use Latin abbreviations.

  for more physically meaningful decompositions.

- **Flow set selection**: Grouping can naturally encode flow sets and other graph-theoretic
  structures relevant to quantum simulation, as shown in [1]_.

- **Improved algorithmic stability**: As demonstrated in the :ref:`SqDRIFT routine
  <sqdrift_getting_started>`, some algorithms can benefit from improved
  stability or performance due to the preservation of physical properties.

Usage
-----

The simplest way to define an operator grouping is by setting the target
operator's ``groups`` attribute. Below is an example for grouping terms

> according to the `line flow sets` as shown in Figure 1c of [1]_.

Author: ```suggestion
according to the *line flow sets* as shown in Figure 1c of [1]_.
```
Renders equally, but avoids confusion on the human side with the more commonly associated Markdown syntax for verbatim code.
